Add analytics (#158)
scientific-python/scientific-python.org: README.md

```

Then run `make teams`.

## Analytics

> The service [Plausible.io](https://plausible.io) is used to gather simple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A self-hosted version of [Plausible.io](https://plausible.io) is used to gather simple
```
